Meeting room and highlight docs (#5270)
thecodingmachine/workadventure: docs/map-building/inline-editor/area-editor/meetingRoom.md

---

sidebar_position: 51

---

# Meeting room property

On your map, you can define special zones where a meeting room will be opened when a user enters the area.

## Setting meeting room area

When editing an area, you can add the meeting room property to it. You must click on the "Meeting room" icon.

![](../../images/editor/meeting_room_property.png)

> You must define a name for the meeting room.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define a name for the meeting room. If you set the same name for two meeting rooms in the same map, those meeting rooms will behave as one big meeting room.
```
